Hosts:

Architecture	Hostname	Responsible for
============    ========        ===============

x86		hardhat		Packaging
		x86-mono	intel-1.0 and intel-head lanes
		cygwin-mono	cygwin-head lane

PPC		g5-mono		ppc-1.0 and ppc-head lanes
		macmono		

Sparc		sparcmono	sparc-1.0 and sparc-head lanes

AMD64		amd-mono	amd-head lane


Q.  How to reconnect a build node?

A.  First, ssh into the node as builder / builder. 

    On each of the build nodes, there is a ongoing screen session for
each lane the node is responsible for: i.e. on x86-mono, the
`intel-head' lane is running inside the `HEAD' screen session, and the
`intel-1.0' lane inside the `1.0' screen session.

    When a lane is offline, connect to the node responsible for that
lane and reattach into the correct screen session (screen -r <name of
session>). End the running `connect' process and start a new one again
from the screen session. When you're done, disconnect from the screen
session (C-a d).

The scripts used in the nodes:

On each machine, you'll find two directories, `1.0' and `HEAD' (except
for AMD, because it's responsible for only one lane). Inside the
directory, there are the following scripts:

    o clean-up -  Clears out the previous checkout.
    o checkout -  Checks out the latest revision from SVN.
    o build    -  Runs the build.
    o test     -  Runs the test suite.
    o extras   -  Runs any additional tasks.

    o connect  - The script that connects the node to the buildbot
		 server.

On the cgywin box, the scripts are in c:\builder.

Q.  How do I set up a new build node?

A.  You need to have python 2.x, twisted 1.3.0 and buildbot 0.4.3
installed.

Go to one of the existing build nodes and grab an existing copy of the
6 scripts used and tweak as appropriate.

The `connect' script contains a key used to identify the build lane.
When adding a new lane, you need to connect to the buildbot master
(mono.ximian.com) as build-master and add a new entry inside
`private.py' for identifying the lane. After that, log in as root on
the master and run `restart-build-server'. The new lane will now
appear on the main page and the node can be connected.

By default the builds will be installed to /mono-1.0 and /mono. Make
sure that these directories exist before starting a new build, also
make sure that the builder user has read/write permission into the
directories.


